
    Introduction

I decided to write a project on the topic of Wish List.
I used many different techniques in this project.
I will break this description into several parts: 
- Technology Stack 
- Structure description
- Notes 
- Conclusion

      Technology Stack

In this case i use: 
  For BackEnd: 
Entity Framework, Swagger, AutoMapper, LINQ, PostgreSQL, DI(Dependency injection)

  For FrontEnd: 
ASP.NET MVC, DI(Dependency injection), JavaScript, Razor, Bootstrap, JSON

  
      Structure description

In this project, I used the "Layer separation" logic. 
For example in controllers i can use only controller logic.
I didn't write the logic of data retrieval in controllers, I brought this logic to the repository or service level.
  Logic of layers separation(numbers is level of layer):

0 - Controllers
1 - Controller.cs
1 - Controller.cs

0 - Services
1 - Interfaces
2 - I*Service.cs
2 - I*Service.cs
1 - *Service.cs
1 - *Service.cs

0 - Repositories
1 - Interfaces
2 - I*Repository.cs
2 - I*Repository.cs
1 - *Repository.cs
1 - *Repository.cs


      Notes 

In DBcontext I configured to save DateTime automatically without having to write date and time, 
also made Id autogenerated when adding a new item to the table. 

In the API, made the output of errors in Swagger, description of endpoints. 
I used the created class "Result" and Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.

    Conclusion


Now that I'm revisiting my project, I realize I could have done a couple of things differently. 
For example: 
    Make the date auto-add not in the project, but at the database level. 
    Use SingleOrDefault() instead of FirstOrDefault(). 
    Remove unnecessary checks. 
    Use AsQueryable() instead of ToList() in LINQ queries.
    Use Try Catch constructs. 

There are many more things I should learn. But I am ready to take everything into account and develop!
